You are the 27th, right?
Come with me!
Mr. Ji
The two bodyguards came over today.
I want to know what happened.
Ok Mr. Ji
Xiao Xiao, I won't let anyone hurt you
Can anyone tell me
What the hell happened today?
A man came today
Claiming to know Miss Si
When he saw our main column, he shouted loudly
Said he knew who the child in Miss Si's belly belonged to
Later, Miss Si asked us to let one person in
He seems to have shown Miss Si a video
But we don't know exactly what it is.
This person is Miss Si's ex-boyfriend
Zhou Jingyan is him again
I didn't ask you to deal with it before, why is he still supervising?
Baoqiang Ji Zong
I didn't deal with this.
I know it hasn't been dealt with properly, so don't deal with it quickly.
Yes